Wow, really?
So we have a chance to become celebrities too?
Wow thanks captain
Yes, otherwise you think I pay
To help you join the Inspectorate
Is it for poverty alleviation?
No.
I want to give you a better future
Captain, what about the others?
They will also make arrangements
I will customize each person according to their different characteristics.
Make arrangements
For example, some people are suitable for finance
Some people are fit to be teachers
Some people are fit to be athletes wow
Captain is really nice
You two used to be 316.
Shen Qingyan's people
But didn't they take refuge in Song Qiuci?
Hey, I understand.
Money is really important
Song Qiuci must have known that they used to be your people
They are likely to be suspected of being undercover
Aren't they dangerous?
Oh but I know
Song Qiuci would definitely believe them